fix(clock): amend setSystemTime docs (#32901)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/api/class-clock.md

## async method: Clock.setSystemTime
* since: v1.45

> Sets current system time without pausing, but does not trigger any timers. You most likely don't need this.

Reviewer: - I don't think this is helpful. We better explain a usecase here, e.g. "testing how the web page reacts to a time shift, for example switching from summer to winter time, or changing a time zone". Also, it works when paused as well.
- Can we update `setFixedTime` docs to say you should either use it, or `install()`.
- Links to the clock guide would probably be helpful here as well.

Author: Thanks for all the feedback. I've pushed a second attempt, how do you like that?

## async method: Clock.setSystemTime
* since: v1.45

Sets system time, but does not trigger any timers. Use this to test how the web page reacts to a time shift, for example switching from summer to winter time, or changing time zones.

> Don't use together with [`method: Clock.install`]. Read docs on [clock emulation](../clock.md) to learn more.

Reviewer: - This should be a part of `setFixedTime`, not `setSystemTime`.

```suggestion
Use this method for simple scenarios where you only need to test with a predefined time. For more advanced scenarios, use [`method: Clock.install`] instead. Read docs on [clock emulation](../clock.md) to learn more.
```

Author: moved it in https://github.com/microsoft/playwright/pull/32901/commits/161070bc1b2b9c818c5f42999651dff1b54b682b
